Halos And Sins Beta Test Project
Version: V43- v09990b
May 21 - 27, 2021

Tasks (Please refer to the Testing Instructions document)
Tester: Upwork: Josephine B.
Submitted: May 24

1. Ads in Awards
Note: Cleared Cache and Data before playing and didn't buy Gems
	see task[D] first.

a. No Ad warning, only the "Remove Ads?" message 
b. After I did (task a.) it broke the ads.
	Please refer to (task f.)
c. Didn't get the chance to skip an ad. No [X] or skip button
	was on the ad.
d. [Before (task a.)]
	Scenario: I tested the game a day before and I had an existing
	couple in "Who's Playing" and they're level 2.
	Played the game and I had ONE ad and there was no skip button.
	The I proceeded to do task (a).
e. No ads showed up BEFORE and AFTER buying Gems worth $1.99
f. [This was before I bought Gems]
	Situation 1) Airplane mode ON just before I finish
	>Turned it before the next round>Rewards, No Ad pop-up showed,
	just the "Remove Ads?" message.
	Situation 2) Without closing the game, I played again.
	Internet was ON during the whole gameplay but no Ad showed up
	again, just the "Remove Ads?" message.
	Situation 3) (Still continuing previous the game without clearing data
	and resetting or deleting the couple) Internet: ON
	No Ad showed up again, just the "Remove Ads?" message.
	Situation 4) Still continuing previous the game without clearing data,
	BUT I deleted the couple) Same results, no ads just the 
	"Remove Ads?" message.
g. Didn't show up.

2. Get all the Jewels - Part 1
Note:  

a. Passed - No additional tutorial messages popped up after I tapped [X]
	the first time it showed up on every round.
b. Passed
c. No
d. Sped through and played it on a realistic time frame
	Everything went well.

3. Get all the Jewels - Part 2
Note:

a. Passed
b. Passed
c. Yes, Please see Task 9> Random Test 2
d. Suggestion: When obtaining a jewel...
	The jewel animation was inconspicuous or almost 
	unnoticeable the top of the screen.
	I suggest that you put the jewel animation
	in the middle of the screen.
	Phone screens have tall aspect ratio these days.
	

4. Get all the Jewels - Part 3
Note:

a. Yes
b. Passed - Nice and Naughty Decks were unavailable
c. Completed 
d. No
e. No Bugs
f. No, everything functioned like the last time.
g. Will the +24hr and +8hr in the Nightly Rewards, gonna be in
	the final release? because those worked really well hahaha

5. Tutorial System
Note:

a. No
b. Completed
c. No tutorial messages showed up.
d. Enabled the tutorial as usual

6. Spices:
Note: Pass/Fail

a. Respin spice = Passed
b. Half-Time spice = Passed
c. Double Time spice = Passed
d. Bump Left spice = Passed
e. Bump Right spice = Passed
f. Punish Me! spice = Passed
g. Punish You! spice = Passed
h. Get Naughty spice = Passed
i. Make Nice spice = Passed
j. Don the Halo spice = Passed
k. Don the Horns spice = Passed

7. Guide
Note:

a. Yes, but screenshots for the explained features
	would be a great help.
b. Scrolling was a bit laggy

8. Random Test 1
Note:

a. Done
b. Nightly Rewards
c. Not broken but can improve
d. (Wi-fi Turned ON) 
	Opening the game for the first time or after closing it from the background apps
	and tapping "Let's play" causes for a Nightly Rewards to pop up.
	Not broken but if a player sees a message
	"Retrieving your Nightly Rewards..." after obtaining their rewards for that day,
	may get their hopes up and get disappointed after seeing there's no more reward.
	Or it may  cause confusion instead.
	[Suggestion] Add a tickbox with the text,
		[]Don't show for today

	
	

9. Random Test 2
Note:

a. Done
b. Entree+Dessert
c. Not broken, just a minor error
d. After the second course, going for another one (third time)
	is still labeled as "Second course"

Answers to Questions:

(Please refer to the document for questions)

1. Rate the Design = Very Good
2. Rate the Usability = Awesome
3. Overall App rating = 4
4. Good qualities of the app
	= Unique, fun, flexible (in terms of card decks), 
		Good mechanics (timer, roulette, slot machine)
5. Bad quality/ies of the app = If someone is __ and want to
	use it right away, they won't have time to read all the tutorial
	and just get to it. This may make them miss out on the fun and
	potential of this app. (Not really a "bad quality" but something
	that can be improved by adding tips here and there)
6. Improvements = Menu in the homescreen and to be able to use/
	have a back/previous button
7.Bugs  Text correction https://drive.google.com/file/d/1N65CJEDuRwdANh-gPdPNHIeL8kvDsClP/view?usp=sharing
8.Would you recommend?
	I only have a few friends and this is kind of unorthodox for us.
9. What would you rate this app 1-5 stars if it was released today?
	I'm usually a generous reviewer when it comes to apps and games because
	I know how much effort it takes to make and publish one. 
	But if I'm being objective here I'll rate it 4 stars because I'm cheap
	and I don't like spending money in apps and games and won't probably
	see all the other fun features, decks and all.
10. App Icon = Attractive, but can the user have an option to change
	it to a low-key one? Some users who may also want to play the game
	and keep it low-key.
11. App performance = A bit slow on some parts
	From the home screen and tapping "Let's play!" the bottom UI will shortly
	freeze and there's a blank screen above it. It's like the app froze but it's
	just loading. ( You can add a little loading screen there 
	and maybe with the Tips?)
12. Sound effects = Nice and fun without it being too distracting.
13. No
14. Navigation (Menu) = Why is it not in the start screen? But yes, I do like it
15. Talent tree = Nice rewards but it feels like I'm just looking at icons.

16. Bugs
	Classification: Reward Bug
	Occurrence: Few random times
	Title: Nightly Rewards Bug
	Description: Even after collecting the rewards starting the game, 
		After finishing a game, and then playing another one,
		a message will show "Retrieving your Nightly rewards..."
		and a Pop-up will show with a message:
		"Could not connect to Nightly Rewards.
		mono-io-layer-error (10035)"
	Steps to reproduce: finish a game
	Expected results: No Nightly Rewards pop-up
	Actual Results: Error pop-up
	Files: Screenshot https://photos.app.goo.gl/wBMXnULevzAVti9L7
	Note: Resetting the Couple in "Who's Playing"
		seemed to fix the bug when I did it for
		Tasks > 2
